Git is a distributed version control system used to track changes in source code and manage collaborative work on software development projects. It enables developers to keep a history of all changes made to their files, collaborate with others efficiently, and revert back to earlier versions if necessary.
All these methods are scalable, but the choice of method depends on your specific use case: whether you need precision, efficiency, or simplicity in detecting and tracking changes in the file.


Questions Asked Recently
Foreign students need to apply for an F1 Visa to pursue their studies in the United States.
Interview is the most important step of the F1 visa application process. You must be prepared in
advance to pass your interview as an international student applying for a F1 student visa.
Preparing for F1 visa interview questions and answers will help you secure admission in a
college or university in the US.
Most common F1 visa interview questions and answers
It may comfort you to know that the consular officers usually ask similar questions to every visa
applicant. Most US F1 visa interview questions will be based on the five categories:
● Study plans
● University choice
● Academic capability
● Financial stability
● Post-graduation plans
Here are some of possible F1 student visa interview questions and answers:
Common study plan questions and answers for US F1 visa interview
Q. Why choose the US for study? Why not the UK, Canada or Australia?
The interviewer would like to know about your choice of the US for higher education. You need
to explain why the United States is the best choice for higher education among students from
around the world and it has many of the world’s best universities. Tell the interviewer that US
universities offer a more flexible education system, cultural diversity, research opportunities and
top-ranked programs. You can also highlight key features like world ranking, reputed faculties
and alumni profile, etc.
Q. Why don’t you continue your education in your home country?
Here you can tell some marked differences in the quality of education in your country and the
US. For example, your dream is to receive a degree from a top-ranked university and a large
number of world-class universities and institutions are in the US. You can also talk about the
subject in which you want to pursue your education further is not available in your country, if
applicable. Moreover, you can elaborate on the differences in facilities, course structure,
faculties, etc. between universities in your country and the United States.
Q. What is the course and the degree you are planning to study?
Tell the interviewer about your area of study you want to major in. For example, if you want to
earn a degree in economics, you can discuss how you want to make an impact in the economic
development of your country or the world. If you want to major in computer science, you can tell
how you want to bring about the changes in financial or healthcare industries through
technology. You need to demonstrate the confidence to prove that you are a worthy student to
study in the US.
Q. Have you ever been to the US before?
Give the answer honestly. If you have visited the United States before, tell the interviewer the
reason behind your trips i.e. tourism, educational training, medical reasons, etc. If you have
never been to the US before, say that you didn’t get the chance to travel or study there.
Common university related US F1 visa interview questions and answers
Q. Why did you apply to this university?
Explain confidently why the university you have chosen is the best option to study your major.
You should be able to explain how you benefit from the best features of the university such as
ranking of the university, faculty, programs, student organizations, and a lot more. If you don’t
know much about the university, you must conduct some research before your visa interview.
Q. How many colleges/ universities did you apply to?
If your application has not been accepted by some of the colleges you applied to, be honest and
give straightforward answers to the visa officer. If you lie, the visa officer will somehow find out,
which may lead to dire consequences, maybe your visa application rejection.
Q. Where is your school located?
You need to simply mention the city or town where the college/ institution you have secured
admission in is located. If you have done some research, you can also briefly mention facts
about the location. For example, you can talk about any popular thing or person in the city. It will
convince the visa officer that you have done your research.
F1 student visa interview questions related to academic history and previous
achievements
The visa officer would like to know your academic background to ensure that you are capable of
being successful in your studies. He/she may ask you to share your previous transcripts and
English language proficiency level. Here are common academic history questions and answers:
Query: You can then query the Chroma DB for relevant information, and it will return similar chunks, including the new content.
Q. What are your test scores?
You will have to share the results of each test you took, including English language proficiency
level tests like TOEFL, IELTS as well as standardized tests (such as GRE, GMAT and SAT).
Q. How proficient are you in English speaking and writing?
Your TOEFL or IELTS scores demonstrate your ability to speak, read, write and understand the
English language. You can share your TOEFL and IELTS scores with the interviewer. Tell the
visa officer that you look forward to honing your English-speaking skills while living in the US for
your studies.
Recommendations for best beta results:

Mixtral performs best at generating JSON, followed by Gemma, then Llama
Use pretty-printed JSON instead of compact JSON
Keep prompts concise
Q. Can you show your educational records?
You should carry all your important documents with you at your visa interview, including your
school results, passport, F1 visa application payment receipt, and a copy of your visa photo and
admission letter from the college or university where you have secured admission.
Common financial questions and answers
Listed below are the common US F1 visa interview questions the visa interviewer may ask you
about your financial status.
Q. How do you plan to fund your education in the US?
Explain how you plan to cover your tuition fees and living expenses while you are enrolled at a
university in the US. If you have enough savings for the entire period of your stay in the United
States you can show that to the consular officer.
Q. Who is sponsoring your educational expenses?
If you have won a scholarship to study in the US, share the same with the visa consular. If your
parents are sponsoring you, mention their names. If someone else is sponsoring you, mention
their name and relationship you share with them.
Q. What does your sponsor do?
By asking this question, the interviewer wants to know if your sponsor is really capable of
funding your expenses. Before you attend the interview, ensure that you have fair knowledge
about your sponsor’s profession and income sources.
Q. Are you planning to work while you are studying in the US?
You can work part time on campus for a maximum of 20 hours each week when your academic
term is in session and full time during academic breaks. However, tell the visa officer that you
would like to focus on your studies.

Challenges in natural language processing involve tasks such as text classification, sentiment analysis, and machine translation.
Mixtral performs best at generating JSON, followed by Gemma, then Llama
Use pretty-printed JSON instead of compact JSON
Keep prompts concise